A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Octopuses have three hearts.
Snails can sleep for three years.
The moon has no wind.
Tigers have striped skin, not just fur.
A blue whale's heart is as big as a car.
Frogs drink water through their skin.
Cats can't taste sweet things.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
A day on Venus is longer than its year.
You can't sneeze with your eyes open.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
There are more stars than grains of sand on Earth.
Baby koalas are called joeys.
Some spiders can hold their breath for two hours.
The first pizza was made in Italy.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
A slug has four noses.
Hippo milk is pink.
A sneeze can travel up to one hundred miles per hour.
A day on Mars is almost the same as Earth.
Cows have best friends.
Bees can see colors we can't.
Honey never spoils.
A giraffe's tongue is blue-black.
Kangaroos can't walk backward.
Cats can jump six times their height.
Cheetahs can't roar.
Our eyes stay the same size from birth.
The Eiffel Tower gets taller in hot weather.
Koalas sleep up to twenty-two hours a day.
Wombats have cube-shaped poop.
Polar bears have black skin under white fur.
Some trees can talk to each other.
Bananas grow upside down.
A starfish has no brain.
A group of crows is called a murder.
The sun is a star.
Ants never sleep.
Paper can be folded only seven times.
A snail can grow back its eye.
Camels have three eyelids.
A cockroach can live a week without its head.
Sharks don't have bones.
A bee has five eyes.
The moon is not made of cheese.
Rabbits can't sweat.
An ant can lift fifty times its weight.
Gorillas can catch human colds.
Otters hold hands while sleeping.
Saturn can float in water.
The ocean is blue because it reflects the sky.
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
Brown eggs come from hens with red feathers.
A baby panda is the size of a stick of butter.
Human teeth are just as strong as shark teeth.
Plants can hear water.
A fox uses the Earth's magnetic field to hunt.
Rain has a smell.
Seals can sleep in the water.
Rats laugh when tickled.
Most lipstick has fish scales in it.
A group of pandas is called an embarrassment.
The first color photo was taken long ago.
A sloth takes two weeks to digest its food.
Horses can't vomit.
Sea otters have a pocket for their favorite rock.
A pig's tail is a spring.
Cats can make over one hundred sounds.
A group of unicorns is called a blessing.
Babies have more bones than adults.
Humans share half of their DNA with bananas.
The smallest bone is in your ear.
Rainbows are actually full circles.
Lobsters can live for many years.
Strawberries are the only fruit with seeds on the outside.
A rhino's horn is made of hair.
A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
Reindeer eyes turn blue in winter.
Hippos can run faster than humans.
The hottest planet is Venus, not Mercury.
A jiffy is a real unit of time.
Sea horses mate for life.
Cows have best friends and get sad when apart.
A duck's quack doesn't echo.
Dogs' nose prints are unique like human fingerprints.
Blood in your body travels many miles daily.
Baby rabbits are called kittens.
A group of jellyfish is called a bloom.
You have no muscles in your fingers.
