Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others. -Roy T. Bennett
Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me. -Immanuel Kant
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience. -Eleanor Roosevelt
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. -Mark Twain
There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time. -C. JoyBell C.
How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same. -Steve Maraboli,
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position. -Leo Buscaglia
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. -Harriet Tubman
Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving. -Roy T. Bennett,
Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are. -Brandon Sanderson,
You need just the right amount of 'Fuck the world' and the right amount of belief in something...and you need the right amount of love. -Gerard Way
How would your life be different if…You approached all relationships with authenticity and honesty? Let today be the day…You dedicate yourself to building relationships on the solid foundation of truth and authenticity. -Steve Maraboli,
The truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth. -Mawlana Jalal-al-Din Rumi
For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all. -Isabelle Eberhardt,
And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop. -A.A. Milne,
Great spirits have always encountered opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly. -Albert Einstein
In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book. -Junot Diaz
The true miracle lies in our eagerness to allow, appreciate, and honor the uniqueness, and freedom of each sentient being to sing the song of their heart. -Amit Ray,
May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch -Keisha Keenleyside
The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready. -Ally Carter,
No one lights a lamp in order to hide it behind the door: the purpose of light is to create more light, to open people's eyes, to reveal the marvels around. -Paulo Coelho
The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us? -Dorothy Day
Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are. -David Mitchell,
The best of a book is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts. -Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
The creatures that inhabit this earth--be they human beings or animals--are here to contribute, each in its own particular way, to the beauty and prosperity of the world. -Dalai Lama XIV
For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but of power and of love and of calm and well balanced mind and discipline and self-control. -Anonymous,
When you expect nothing from the world - not the light of the sun, the wet of water, nor the air to breathe - everything is a wonder and every moment a gift. -Michael J.  Sullivan,
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself. -Charles M. Schulz
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be. -Stephen Chbosky
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes. -A.A. Milne
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. -maya angelou
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people. -Roy T. Bennett
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living. -Roy T. Bennett
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way. -Viktor E. Frankl
Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now. -Roy T. Bennett
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. -George Washington Burnap
I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: "Go down again - I dwell among the people. -John Henry Newman
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake. -Victor Hugo
Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try. -Roy T. Bennett
I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings. -Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach. -J.R.R. Tolkien
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction. -E.F. Schumacher
But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today. -Gayle Forman 
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there. -Robert M. Pirsig
You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny. -Roy T. Bennett
He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see. -Ayn Rand
That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful. -Rumi
Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. -Roy T. Bennett
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world. -Bill Wilson
When you look for a man- what you want to look for is a man with the heart of a poor boy and the mind of a conqueror. -C. JoyBell C.
Before, I wanted to say: "I found love!" But now, I want to say: "I found a person. And he belongs to me and I belong to him. -C. JoyBell C.
It was like the beginning of life and laughter. It was the real meaning of the sun -Charles Bukowski
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are. -Marcus Aurelius
She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself. -Anaïs Nin
Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it. -Roy T. Bennett
She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on. -robert m drake
To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong. -Roy T. Bennett
Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth -Siddh?rtha Gautama
Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading. -Eudora Welty
The beauty of the world...has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder. -Virginia Woolf
The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die. -Michel Houellebecq
Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain. -Fred Rogers
Once upon a time, there was a wise man who used to go to the ocean to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work -Loren Eiseley
Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up. -Steve Maraboli
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal. -Criss Jami
Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be. -robert m drake
Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go. -Lauren Oliver
I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future. -Jack Kerouac
If people are going to be allowed to say "we love you" and "I love you", they'd better have the backbone to prove it. Love isn't just a word. -C. JoyBell C.
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul. -Johann Sebastian Bach
Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying. -Malcolm Gladwell
Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters. -Criss Jami
The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful. -Swami Vivekananda
Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be! -Dale Wasserman
Everything you'll ever need to know is within you; the secrets of the universe are imprinted on the cells of your body. -Dan Millman
Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay. -Will Smith
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires. -Roy T. Bennett
The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines. -Anne Lamott
I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied -Ralph Ellison
The hardest battle you are ever going to have to fight is the battle to be just you. -Leo Buscaglia
I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS? -Neil deGrasse Tyson
I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence. -Helen Keller
How would your life be different if…You stopped validating your victim mentality? Let today be the day…You shake off your self-defeating drama and embrace your innate ability to recover and achieve. -Steve Maraboli
Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation. -Albert Einstein
You don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great. -Les Brown
Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked. -Patanjali
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment. -Roy T. Bennett
Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly. -Helen Keller
Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts. -Lloyd Alexander
Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others. -Oprah Winfrey
We had the experience but missed the meaning. And approach to the meaning restores the experience in a different form. -T.S. Eliot
Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced. -Steve Maraboli
It is beautiful to discover our wings and learn how to fly; flight is a beautiful process. But then to rest on the wings of God as He flies: this is divine. -C. JoyBell C.
I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you. -robert m drake
When it rains it pours. Maybe the art of life is to convert tough times to great experiences: we can choose to hate the rain or dance in it. -Joan Marques
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. -Steve Jobs
To be human is to be broken and broken is its own kind of beautiful. -robert m drake
It’s never the value of water but thirst, it’s never the value of life but death and it’s never about the friendship but trust. -Ali Ibn Abi Talib AS
The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy. -Roy T. Bennett
You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become.  -Colleen Houck
What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms. -Viktor E. Frankl
Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to. -Susan Cain
You have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing. You have to always keep your goals in mind.” -Hera, goddess of marriage  -Rick Riordan
What an utter disgrace it would be to find something truly magic and spend any time at all pretending and trying to convince yourself it is all just an unbelievably orchestrated and beautifully choreographed illusion. -Tyler Knott Gregson
It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane. -Terry Pratchett
Arrogance on the part of the meritorious is even more offensive to us than the arrogance of those without merit: for merit itself is offensive. -Friedrich Nietzsche
We are the Bibles the world is reading; We are the creeds the world is needing; We are the sermons the world is heeding. -Billy Graham
Thus we never see the true state of our condition till it is illustrated to us by its contraries, nor know how to value what we enjoy, but by the want of it. -Daniel Defoe
It is in the knowledge of the genuine conditions of our lives that we must draw our strength to live and our reasons for living. -Simone de Beauvoir
Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world. -Roy T. Bennett
Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy! -C. JoyBell C.
I no longer agree to treat myself with disrespect. Every time a self-critical thought comes to mind, I will forgive the Judge and follow this comment with words of praise, self-acceptance, and love. -don Miguel Ruiz
Republicans are for both the man and the dollar, but in case of conflict the man before the dollar. -Abraham Lincoln
Yoga is not just repetation of few postures - it is more about the exploration and discovery of the subtle energies of life. -Amit Ray
I believe that owning our worthiness is the act of acknowledging that we are sacred. Perhaps embracing vulnerability and overcoming numbing is ultimately about the care and feeding of our spirits. -Brené Brown
Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization and can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation. -A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada
We all know we're going to die; what's important is the kind of men and women we are in the face of this. -Anne Lamott
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love. -Debasish Mridha
